Finalize the release notes for 4.1 (#86668)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-4.1.rst

.. _zephyr_4.1:

Zephyr 4.1.0
############

> We are pleased to announce the release of Zephyr version 4.1.0.

Reviewer: as discussed in a private chat - should we add a date here?

```suggestion
We are pleased to announce Zephyr version 4.1.0, released on March 7, 2025.
```

Author: I would not bother here to be totally honest, that information is in the git tag

Author: mainly I'd see this as a bit of information that will very easily get forgotten and merged incorrectly
